Welcome to this module,
and congratulations on getting through the previous modules and projects.
In this lesson, we'll learn about Stocks, Indices and Funds.
We'll cover how Indices are defined and categorized.
We'll also learn about market capitalization and price-weighted indices,
and walk through an example of constructing an index.
Then, we'll learn about funds,
such as hedge funds and mutual funds.
We'll cover active versus passive fund management as well as smart beta.
We'll also learn about open-end and close-end mutual funds
which will prepare us for the next lesson about exchange traded funds.
In later lessons of this module we'll calculate
portfolio risk and return and study optimal risky portfolios.
Finally, we'll cover portfolio optimization which will equip you with the skills to
construct portfolios with a goal of maximizing returns and minimizing risk.